hey what's up guys i'm going to be
showing you the tutorial now for jumping
gemini card trick that i showed you in
part 1 this is part 2 what's your need
for this trick is just for cars okay if
you're looking from top to bottom the
two top cards need to be The Joker's I
prefer using like two of these jokers or
two of these jokers just that way all
four cards really look the same but if
you um like I just open this pack if you
just have the two jokers that come with
the pack don't worry about it that works
just as well okay then you're going to
need to 10 of speeds which is third
position from the bottom and the bottom
card needs to be the two of hearts okay
can you guys see this so what you're
going to do is just set these four cards
on top of a deck place them in the case
until you're ready to do the trick when
you're ready take them out of the case
count off 1 2 3 cards okay now your
fourth cards or two of hearts you're
going to slide it under the rest of
three cards and it looks normal because
it just looks like you're picking them
off off the table okay that's that's all
now what you need to do here is do an
ailment account i have a video to show
you guys how to do the elims account so
check that out but i'm just a quick
explanation you're taking the top card
off okay simultaneously pushing the next
two cards off okay and you're counting
three four okay and on if you guys can
catch that don't worry I have an albums
account video up for you guys so check
that out and then come back to this and
this is a great trick like I said to
practice that now what you're going to
need to do is ask them where is the two
of Hearts okay and the two of Hearts
isn't on top because the Allens account
makes it look that way but it really
isn't so you're going to need to do a
double lift okay and I got a video on
that as well and a double lift you're
just taking two cards okay making them
look like one and you're going to say
it's on top now you're going to stay
going to put the two of hearts on the
bottom which is actually the ten of
spades okay snap your fingers and just
pull the top card off which is the two
of hearts now spread the cards out put
the two hearts third from the bottom
okay put the two of Hearts third from
the bottom okay and then close the pack
now here you need to do a triple lift
okay so what you're going to do is just
take the take your thumb here if you
can't just
separate the bottom card from the rest
of them okay and it's and all you do is
separate the bottle card and lift the
other three and then it looks fairly
normal flip it back then you're going to
put that card on the table now you're to
do the same thing but you're only going
to pick up the two cards okay which is
obviously one cards here okay then
you're going to put that on the bottom
of the deck say where's the two of
Hearts take just the top card off now
because it's already there two horses
there now you're going to do a double
lift here okay take two cards and put it
on the bottom and do another double lift
okay let's say the two hearts is on top
okay i'm going to put the cart one card
on the bottom and just take the top card
snap your fingers I'm sorry going to put
that card at the bottom on the table
take one card snap your fingers that's
the two of hearts now place the two of
hearts underneath the card in your hand
and then those two underneath the other
two now you're ready for the second part
of the church what you're gonna do is do
a triple lift once again show them that
actually there are no two hearts in the
deck it's actually there's a ten of
spades here okay that's your triple if
you're going to place it in this hand
now you're going to do a double lift
remember you just you're just sliding
the bottom card away from the rest and
you're going to show them ten of hearts
there take that away show them the ten
of hearts here and then this is a kind
of a tricky part when you put this back
you're going to like take these you're
going to take this 10 of 10 of spades
that you just put here and you're kind
of just going to see how I did that
you're just going to like push it out
and then let it flop down making it look
like it's a fourth card then what you do
here is a simple move you're going to
show them this is what I kind of cut off
in the lens part 1 video sorry about
that you're going to show them ten of
spades you're going to pull the top if
you put a little bend in the card will
be easier showing the ten of spades pull
a top card off tennis bates top card and
you can see the ten of spades remains at
the bottom but when you do it quickly
they don't even notice that you're
pulling the top card off okay then you
place that on top now the third part of
the trick the last part is on they're
going to say well what will happen to
the two of hearts you have all ten of
spades you say you know what else is
pretty impossible you're going to take
the top card off
the bottom card off better pull the two
middle cards off okay the two middle
cards you see here you're going to make
them look like one and you're going to
do this move here you're going to pull
them out and show them okay you have to
hear you're going to show them like this
you have a joker which is actually those
two cars place them down place one on
the table which is the two of hearts now
what you're going to do is take one card
off the top and you have a double lift
in your right hand show the same way
okay you can see you've got two cards
show the same exact way you got a joker
here put that down now just take the top
card off show them you have the Joker
here and then the bottom part you have a
joker and in town there's no two of
spades or I'm a two of hearts or tennis
plates in the deck and that's a great
great trick and just work on your
sleight of hands your triple ish or
double lifts work on your animals
account so you have it's very smooth and
it's not like kind of it like staggered
so yeah and let me know what you guys
think and I hope you guys really enjoy
this and get a lot of good reactions out
of it